File:                                                    Author:

textures/chili_animals/butterfly.tga                     Wakey
textures/chili_animals/dragonfly.tga                     Wakey
textures/chili_decals/balustrade_decal_1.tga             Wakey
textures/chili_decals/balustrade_decal_2.tga             Wakey
textures/chili_decals/balustrade_decal_3.tga             Wakey
textures/chili_decals/balustrade_decal_4.tga             Wakey
textures/chili_decals/balustrade_decal_5.tga             Wakey
textures/chili_decals/balustrade_decal_6.tga             Wakey
textures/chili_decals/balustrade_decal_7.tga             Wakey
textures/chili_decals/neon.jpg                           Wakey
textures/chili_decals/penta.jpg                          Wakey
textures/chili_decals/sky_shadows.jpg                    Wakey
textures/chili_light/kerze.jpg                           Wakey
textures/chili_light/kerzenschein.jpg                    Wakey
textures/chili_light/stained_glass_blue.jpg              Wakey
textures/chili_light/stained_glass_red.jpg               Wakey
textures/chili_liquids/pool_green.jpg                    Id/Wakey
textures/chili_liquids/reflection1.jpg                   Wakey
textures/chili_sfx/chain.tga                             Wakey
textures/chili_sfx/rain.jpg                              Id
textures/chili_sfx/spinnennetz.jpg                       Wakey
textures/chili_sfx/starlet_blue.jpg                      Wakey
textures/chili_sfx/starlet_green.jpg                     Wakey
textures/chili_sfx/wachs.jpg                             Wakey
textures/chili_skies/sky_clouds.tga                      Ydnar/Sock/Wakey
textures/chili_skies/thunderbolt_1.jpg                   Wakey
textures/chili_skies/thunderbolt_2.jpg                   Wakey
textures/chili_skies/thunderbolt_3.jpg                   Wakey
textures/chili_vegetation/blaetter.tga                   Wakey
textures/chili_vegetation/efeu.tga                       Wakey
textures/chili_vegetation/fliegenpilz.jpg                Wakey
textures/chili_vegetation/pilzlamellen.jpg               Wakey
textures/chili_vegetation/pilzstamm.jpg                  Wakey
textures/chili_vegetation/seerose.tga                    Wakey
textures/chili_vegetation/seerosenbluete.tga             Wakey
textures/photorealistic_bricks/brick070.jpg              Berneyboy
textures/photorealistic_ground/snow006.jpg               Berneyboy
textures/photorealistic_ground/snow009.jpg               Berneyboy
textures/photorealistic_metal/metal075.jpg               Berneyboy
textures/photorealistic_rock-stone/rock001.jpg           Berneyboy
textures/photorealistic_rock-stone/rock011.jpg           Berneyboy
textures/photorealistic_rock-stone/rock035.jpg           Berneyboy
textures/photorealistic_roof/roof05.jpg                  Berneyboy
textures/photorealistic_wood/wood013.jpg                 Berneyboy
textures/photorealistic_wood/wood020.jpg                 Berneyboy
textures/photorealistic_wood/wood052.jpg                 Berneyboy
textures/photorealistic_wood/wood053.jpg                 Berneyboy
textures/photorealistic_wood/wood077.jpg                 Berneyboy
textures/photorealistic_wood/wood099.jpg                 Berneyboy
textures/terrain_example/ter_moss1.tga                   Sock
textures/terrain_example/ter_mud1.tga                    Sock
textures/terrain_example/ter_rock3.tga                   Sock
textures/wood/wood037.jpg                                Wakey
env/thedeepblue_.tga                                     Wakey

